ok so there you go sees an anti-aids he
gets into the fog photography and of its
action here as Marx getting into
businesses like who got him into the
business deserves the theme that's going
to run through here as well so they get
in seeing this guy and photography and
videography in then from there
tell us a little bit about how that came
into play with your SME heroes what does
that have to do with it a bit on live
twelve years so we did a lot of Mopti
things you have to learn if you want to
succeed online is good marketing and we
soon realized that there was a lot of
stuff going on
online and one of the things I became
particularly when Google+ came out to
use at all to myself as you that for
local SEO outsourcing Google+ came who's
extremely how businesses when used in
the right way I started really get into
that they realize after a little while
this was service offering but we have a
couple of friends are already running a
website business and they were in social
media marketing as well but maybe not as
much as actually I was so we decided to
come to get reform destiny he wrote
songs for in that business and then so
then what we can offer was i would be
doing a lot of the direct marketing
online Luke would be doing the Web
Design Star was charged or content that
type of thing
philomena was in charge of video card do
photography woman needs and we actually
positioned herself in the market as
someone who can actually deliver a mob
scene because one of the things we
notice a lot of people get website let
people get to talk to a lot of people in
video wasn't wasn't working together so
that's how we got into that so we just
realized you called us girls together
that would be exact I can do a little
bit you know I can do a little bit of
coding on a website but I'm not a
website designer got loose in a cave is
not my characters six in a cave
forum a project and out comes this
amazing website looks brilliant
functions correctly you know and so that
basically have worked with a team that
we work on that and what happened was we
was doing a lot of video marketing video
marketing was doing a lot of free
content and create free training for
people and somehow we have and then so
that's where we were the LA tomorrow so
that brings us to how we started
creating training material because we
will create training with your phone
business right so that the Dead's
getting us really closer to the
discussion
the sales funnels and some you to meet
specific talk so how did you end up
getting like what was your training
materials and you're doing you know this
other stuff here so so you came up with
it comes back in a few different
business trying to do different things
and businesses changes you set them up
you know they will I will adapt and
you'll find in each never seems to end
up where it started and 21 days
website and it shows how is made like
$90,000
traditional understanding I checked it
out
reluctantly and then all of a sudden I
looked enough gas if you have another
chance Karen
i watch you pat flynn stuff lots of
people to create online residual income
chief source of inspiration from Intel
and you know I realized that you know in
the past we wanted to develop we were
thinking typical bricks and mortar and a
problem with offline residual income to
invest money so you can invest anything
over the money and you have to have
money to make money off and then when I
clicked
you know what time for money which is
very inefficient create digital product
take that digital product and repeatedly
now you've got a former residual income
nice I'm saying residual income not
passive residual there is a difference
and I think passive income is a bit
misleading residual income exactly what
would develop am so very simple website
creation antiques calls on that guy and
then that brings us to you to me is how
did we come to you to me while Monday
philomena comes to the credit of
inspiration to keep coming in because
she's always trying to figure out the
best way to make money is really gonna
find you to me says its massive
marketplace so we took around six goals
and we put a new to me and we started
out selling it was really quick work
hard to drive traffic to your own
website and that's how we came to you to
me so put the first course up straight
away and once you get no sales and then
since then it's just been a case of
figuring out how do you do me
business which we're done and you know
we are coming to the place now where we
even considering giving up a service by
side of the business because the online
training is doing so well is actually
sooner costs money to actually do it
people around so that's really
interesting and you know it was already
talking about hiking prices a lot
because we have to you know and that's
the success is not working so that's
basically how we can ok so here we are
you mean you're saying that the first
chorus issue could have you got a lot of
other clusters of course is not only to
steal your thunder hear how you done
your sales they too much more about that
I'm so you have a lot more besides just
these up in your kind of figured out how
do you do you so tell us a little bit
about that like how how are you doing
how head you put the pieces together and
here's what I realized that a first step
is you have to treat you as a business
that's the first thing that people make
is there for you to me and that's how I
think you know me and nothing wrong in
that you can do that but if you want to
really getting to me is going to be a
business is a business and it's
somewhere between every other business
you gotta figure out of business and you
gonna do you have to take courses you
have to listen to try different things
and that's the first thing if you
remember when I said at the beginning
the first business we're an online it's
even make money I was losing money hand
over fist and what was one day I realize
what I was doing i buy loads of stuff
and then what happened I wasn't making
any money and why are they making money
and I'm not and that's really important
question to ask in any business is over
people making money doing what you're
doing and you're not there something
wrong and then one day we met less
horrible than even know who it was early
days by the time it ended but you know
what I did was I went and brought all
the books I could find on that item and
i learn about item and it was Chinese
ports and news late 19th century export
Chinese porcelain
hunting and that was a core of our
business and then what would happen we
would develop i buy something else and
that would go crazy by books I would buy
you know I spent on my Chinese possible
to time these books of banks probably
invested in the end of books on
education and that's the key thing to do
that and that's what it's really educate
yourself to success so that's how we got
there about niches and developing needed
because
we started selling into a neat we start
making money